# gratitude
1. My project is called Vedika's Blog. It's a place where I share my thoughts!
2. I made this project because I really wanted to expand my skills. So far I've only coded websites with very basic HTML, CSS, and JS. This project allowed me to go beyond that and really push my skills to the next level by using a new framework I haven't tried (Django), and do something a little different! 
3. I made my project using Python, HTML, CSS, and JS. I worked in Github Codespaces. 
4. I struggled with many things throughout this project. First, I had to redeploy my project because I forgot my log-in for the Django admin, which took some time to figure out. Secondly, I wanted my css to override Bootstrap's, and I had to figure out how to create multiple css files for my theme-switching, and also get them to apply by manipulating settings.py and the filepath. I also stuggled a lot with the animations in the beginning because I had not animated with CSS before. Getting all the containers and their positioning right so that it wouldn't interfere with the blog posts, but in a way that the background and posts and animation could all be seen at once, was the most dificult part, as every time I changed the position for something, a different thing would be affected. Manipulating everything in the base.html to have multiple uses and work for each theme, was tough and took planning. I had to scrap some ideas because they didn't work with the containers I had. Finally, getting my background to show up behind my blog post took time to incorporate into my CSS files because I was orginally just adding styling in the detail.html file itself, and had to add it to each CSS file. I learned about CSS animations, the positioning of containers (absolute vs relative), how to be creative when coding and work through errors and find different solutions for things, and about Django in general and its capabilites. Overall I really enjoyed this project because I worked extremely hard on it and it pushed me beyond my comfort zone. 